http://mutualbenefitsinc.com/

From: Sarah Freeman 
[mailto:sarah@mutualbenefitsinc.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, February 06, 2013 11:36 AM
To: Thomas, Faneka (DS)
Subject: FW: Need website help asap!
 
 
 
1)      Add “Home” button to navigation bar. 

2)      Make sliding images so that nothing happens if you click on them.  Currently it takes you to some weirdly formatted page.

3)      Make “About Us” bottom not go anywhere.  I really just want drop down menu under it.

4)      Remove subtitles from each page.  For example  pages show home>>ask an agent or home>>products and services

5)      Add contact form to “get a quote.”  Contact form should include name, email, phone, type of insurance, (optional: date of birth, smoker/non-smoker)

6)      Hyperlinks aren’t underlined or colored.  For example under meet our team- there are email addresses and in articles and videos there is a link under the video

7)      Center the picture under helpful hint and rx discount plan.  Also make website link work under rx discount plan.

8)      Call to Action Button: “Get A Quote” in red or bold color under phone number. Should take you to “get a quote” (see #5) contact form

9)      Can we embed articles?  Under articles and videos, I added link to article but wondering how to make it look better

10)   Create a form for “ask agent” page.  Just has their name email and question.  Also would like to be able to posts questions and answers under contact box.

11)   Under contact us page – need to turn email addresses into hyperlinks. 

12)   Under “what we do” I need little icons to go next to each step.  I really like http://dryicons.com/free-icons/preview/minimalistica-red-icons/#icons but need relevant ones.

13)   Need pages created for each Teaser Box (life, disability, long term care, etc).  Each page needs to have a “get a quote button” at the bottom (I’ll insert content)

14)   Change sliding picture so head of people aren’t cut off as much.

15)   Add yelp and facebook widgets,

16)   Every page has sidebars.  I need to put something in those.  Maybe the Yelp/Facebook widgets or maybe Get a Quote Buttons.

 

Also, I think I need to change font and size of wording on certain pages.  Is this something you can help me with?  This is not really that important.
 
Currently using a temporary URL mutualbenefitsinc.com/wp-admin
The wordpress user name is admin and the password is tmarie330
 
I’d like to get this done as soon as possible, please call me at 206-271-4000.  I also may have other things I need done but this is just a start.