Halverson, Jason (DS)We started a fund-raising group called Comic Book Characters for Causes
we have a table at the Emerald City Comic Con this year
and officially representing Seattle Children's Hospital


11:32 AMRobinson, Joshua (DS)Oh, nice! I know I've seen some pictures on Kristens facebook.


11:32 AMHalverson, Jason (DS)its going to be fun and exciting and we are going to get SMASHED with traffic soon
Well, we have a website currently (http://www.cbc4c.org) that is VERY basic...
We need to find someone that can help us renovate the site. We MIGHT be able to pay - perhaps we can work out a barter of some kind... but we need to revamp the site SOON as we are getting ready to get a lot of hits.
the site looks like hell and we want to get it into shape in the next week or so... I am looking for someone who can help us out in this
>>>
I don't know if you do any free-lance work or not but I wanted to ask to see if I could talk you into helping us out.
...
If you DO do free-lance work, then perhaps we can work a deal where you help us out and we advertise you in order to try and drive some more work your way...


11:36 AMRobinson, Joshua (DS)I'd love to help, but I'm not sure how much time I can put into it (school as well). What kinds of changes are we wanting to the site? Just for an idea of how long it ill take?


11:36 AMHalverson, Jason (DS)not sure on the time
did you take a look at the site
??
we need to change the color scheme


11:37 AMRobinson, Joshua (DS)Yea, looking at it now.


11:37 AMHalverson, Jason (DS)re-organize some of the pages
make sure that the pages we do have are correct
update images
add the logo
right now it looks like a cheap site
I keep intending to use her log in to access the site
it has a wysiwyg like WSM
but Kristen says WSM looks like a Cadillac compared to their tool
what I would want to do is sit down and go over the site with [insert editors name here] to check what is there and what needs to get updated


11:43 AMHalverson, Jason (DS)do you think there is anyone else in CT (other than Jon Drew) who might be able to or be interested in helping us out?


11:43 AMRobinson, Joshua (DS)Hmm. Sounds like a good plan. Never heard of eNom, myself so not surprised that their wysiwyg is lacking. WordPress may be a better option for editing and whatnot. Jon was my first thought as well, to be honest.


11:43 AMHalverson, Jason (DS)I have already talked to him,
he has a lot going on right now
and his wife was recently injured
so he backed out


11:44 AMRobinson, Joshua (DS)Understandable.
I usually end up getting my freelance stuff from Scott, I'll see if he wants to take point and then I can help out as well. Let me see how he's sitting with freelance at the moment.  


11:45 AMHalverson, Jason (DS)I might consider tinkering with it but with all the other stuff we are doing right now for the event plus costumes I am WAY behind where I need to be
okey dokey
he goes to the cons does he not?


11:46 AMRobinson, Joshua (DS)Indeed.


11:46 AMHalverson, Jason (DS)I am pretty sure that the costume stuff is outside of his comfort level
but I don't care
hehehe


11:47 AMRobinson, Joshua (DS)Haha he doesn't really dress up much himself.


11:48 AMHalverson, Jason (DS)no I know
some people look at the costumed people with... derision
to say it lightly
hahaha


11:48 AMRobinson, Joshua (DS)Haha, nah, that's not him 


11:48 AMHalverson, Jason (DS)ok
well it looks like Comic Stop is going to be doing a donation of some swag to us so we can raffle it off at the event'
we might be able to 'donate' one item to a volunteer who helps us out...


11:49 AMRobinson, Joshua (DS)Nice!


11:53 AMRobinson, Joshua (DS)I'll need to take a closer look tomorrow evening before I'll be able to give a for sure answer. I'll see if I can think of anyone else that may be able to help as well.


12:02 PMHalverson, Jason (DS)ok man
thanks


12:03 PMRobinson, Joshua (DS)No problem.
